A minimum viable product (MVP) is a version of a product with just enough features to satisfy early customers and provide
feedback for future product development.
Gathering insights from an MVP is often less expensive than developing a product with more features, 
which increases costs and risk if the product fails, for example, due to incorrect assumptions.
The term was coined and defined in 2001 by Frank Robinson[4] and then popularized by Steve Blank and Eric Ries.
It may also involve carrying out market analysis beforehand.

Description
A minimum viable product has just enough core features to effectively deploy the product, and no more. 
Developers typically deploy the product to a subset of possible customers—such as early adopters thought to be more forgiving,
more likely to give feedback, and able to grasp a product vision from an early prototype or marketing information. 
This strategy targets avoiding building products that customers do not want and seeks to maximize information about the 
customer with the least money spent.
"The minimum viable product is that version of a new product a team uses to collect the maximum amount of validated 
learning about customers with the least effort."[2] The definition's use of the words maximum and minimum means it is 
not formulaic. It requires judgement to figure out, for any given context, what MVP makes sense. Due to this vagueness, 
the term MVP is commonly used, either deliberately or unwittingly, to refer to a much broader notion ranging from a rather
prototype-like product to a fully-fledged and marketable product.

An MVP can be part of a strategy and process directed toward making and selling a product to customers.
It is a core artifact in an iterative process of idea generation, prototyping, presentation, data collection, 
analysis and learning. One seeks to minimize the total time spent on an iteration. The process is iterated until a
desirable product/market fit is obtained, or until the product is deemed non-viable.



